[2020-09-06 19:30-21:30] via Discord
Attendants: Julius, Emilis, Deividas.
Topic(s): Group contract, project vision, questions for the supervisor.
Decided on/done: The group contract and project vision were written and fully finished. Written down some questions for the supervisor.

[2020-09-07 21:45 - 24:00] via Discord
Attendants: Julius, Emilis, Deividas.
Topic(s): PostGIS, JIRA, group contract and vision submission.
Decided on/done: We have decided to use PostGIS as our gis extension for PostgreSQL, set-up JIRA as our project tracking software,
submitted our group contract and project vision.

[2020-09-09 14:00-15:10] IRL
Attendants: Julius, Emilis, Deividas.
Topic(s): Setting up our GitLab repository, individual study/work.
Decided on/done: Successfully set-up our project repository and added the lecturers to it. Agreed to go through a SQL and Databases course on udemy.com.

[2020-09-14 20:00-21:30] via Discord
Attendants: Julius, Emilis, Deividas. 
Topic(s): Discussing our progress in database learning, sharing knowledge.
Decided on/done: Each member of the group should finish at least 60% of the course by the 23rd of September.

[2020-09-16 12:00-13:45] IRL
Attendants: Julius, Emilis, Deividas. 
Topic(s): Setting up our database server, looking for an open-source map of Vilnius.
Decided on/done: We have set-up a VM and installed PostgreSQL and PostGIS to it. We have looked into some open-source maps and for now, settled with openstreetmap.org.

[2020-09-20 19:30-21:00] via Discord
Attendants: Julius, Emilis, Deividas. 
Topic(s): Writing documentation for PSI and discussing our expectations for the project, arranging a meeting with our supervisor.
Decided on/done: We have written the documentation where we stated our purpose of the system, funcional and non-functional requirements,
given a high-level overview of the system. After discussing our expectations for the project, we noticed that we still face some confusion,
because of that we have sent an email to our supervisor to organize a meeting.